README.md, before:

# sstrings: a strings(1) replacement

After reading that GNU binutils' strings(1) utility is affected by a
buffer overflow vulnerability and finding out that a simple tool like
that is more complex than it should be (at least in my opinion) I
decided to brush up my C skills on UNIX-like systems and to write
another implementation of strings(1). Enter sstrings(1).

sstrings(1) is a Simpler strings(1) (or Stupid strings) that does just
what I suppose strings(1) should do: read chunks of binary data from a
file or from stdin and output every sequence of 4 or more printable
characters ending either with a '\0' or a '\n' to stdout.

I will follow the [Open Group specifications](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/strings.html)
as close as I can and you're free to nag me when something's wrong but I
warn you: this tool is mostly written for my own amusement and it's not
meant to be as good or as complete as GNU strings(1).

For istance it ignores the `-a` flag and ALWAYS scans the whole
file. Since this behaviour is implementation dependent I think I'm
allowed to do it.

I'm also not planning to make this utility universally portable, my aim
is to have it run on a i386 personal computer running OpenBSD and then
see if it runs on Linux too. Probably I will kindly ask you to test it
on different UNIX-like operating systems, different architectures and
different compilers and then send me some feedback about it but that's
not mandatory.

The license is the MIT license and you can read it in `LICENSE`. It
boils down to: do what you want with this as long as you give me credit
for writing it in the first place and please don't sue me.

Commit message:

Added compile line to README

README.md, after:

# sstrings: a strings(1) replacement

After reading that GNU binutils' strings(1) utility is affected by a
buffer overflow vulnerability and finding out that a simple tool like
that is more complex than it should be (at least in my opinion) I
decided to brush up my C skills on UNIX-like systems and to write
another implementation of strings(1). Enter sstrings(1).

sstrings(1) is a Simpler strings(1) (or Stupid strings) that does just
what I suppose strings(1) should do: read chunks of binary data from a
file or from stdin and output every sequence of 4 or more printable
characters ending either with a '\0' or a '\n' to stdout.

I will follow the [Open Group specifications](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/strings.html)
as close as I can and you're free to nag me when something's wrong but I
warn you: this tool is mostly written for my own amusement and it's not
meant to be as good or as complete as GNU strings(1).

For istance it ignores the `-a` flag and ALWAYS scans the whole
file. Since this behaviour is implementation dependent I think I'm
allowed to do it.

I'm also not planning to make this utility universally portable, my aim
is to have it run on a i386 personal computer running OpenBSD and then
see if it runs on Linux too. Probably I will kindly ask you to test it
on different UNIX-like operating systems, different architectures and
different compilers and then send me some feedback about it but that's
not mandatory.

The recommended compiler is GCC 4 and the following line should output
no warnings:

    c99 -Wall -Wextra -pedantic sstrings.c -o sstrings

The license is the MIT license and you can read it in `LICENSE`. It
boils down to: do what you want with this as long as you give me credit
for writing it in the first place and please don't sue me.
